Come, come, come there. Come, come, come, come all. Come, come, everywhere and bring your scarf and shawl. I'm the little show promoter and I'm three feet tall.
Come, come, over there. Come, come, to the south. Come, come, on your feet. Come, come, to my mouth. I'm a little show promoter and I'm three feet tall.
I'm a little velvet man that lives in a tree. All I do is promote shows, all that I say. Please go to see Rob Schneider at the truck show.
He was into some hazard, there was nowhere to go. Because his car had a racist flag on it. I'm a little show promoter and I wear a bonnet.
It was my mom's idea, she made me a baby. I want to fuck her or kill her or maybe.
Harmontown is now in session. Please welcome the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harlin.
Come, come, come there. Come, come, come all. Come, come, everywhere and bring your scarf and shawl.
Thank you. Thank you. That song was created by a fellow named Michael Hartigan if you're out there. Michael, thank you very much for your beautiful service.
Dan, you have an enormous thermos on stage right now. Please tell me that's not all vodka in there.
I have switched my cheat day to Sundays on my diet and this is a pina colada that Aaron made me. I think it's a gallon.
She's really been feeding me today. I'm kind of in a food coma. I may puke onto the microphone and onto Anatoly.
So you just this week decided to switch to Sunday cheat day?
Yeah.
So last week when you ate the cheeseburger out of the Bloody Mary on stage, that was just comedy sake, right? That was just entertainment.
Oh, yeah. No, I was, I stayed on the, wait, what do you mean? Last week was the show was on Sunday.
All right. So you switched it last week?
Jesus Christ, who cares?
So we're in the light of these people.
Is there a logo on that thermos? That thing is enormous.
Yeah, I gotta remember to bring this back to Aaron.
And I enjoy a pina colada. A gallon seems a little over the top.
I don't want to waste my cheat day.
But I may puke all over everyone because I got up this morning at 6.45 a.m. and I used Postmates to order McDonald's breakfast.
Did you get up that early because you always wake up at that early or because it's a cheat day and you want to start eating it?
Yeah, it's because I've been, you may have noticed I've never lost any weight ever.
So you're probably wondering, is this diet work?
Well, it can if you stick to it. I've never stuck to it. I have like cheat days, turn into cheat weekends, turn into cheat weeks.
So I just basically am the same fatness that I always am.
But I've lasted like three weeks or so. I've been really committing to the diet.
So then this last period was particularly hard on me.
The idea of the cheat day being that you fool your body back into a glycemic thing and then you go off it.
Yeah, I think you're just keeping your body off rhythm. I never read the book that Aaron read it.
I think it's basically like Atkins Without Dairy, you're allowed to eat beans.
So it's beans, meat, and veggies all week and then one day a week so that your body, probably so your body doesn't go into ketosis or just adjust metabolically.
You're supposed to spike your blood sugar and you're, you know, your blood sugar. You're supposed to spike your blood sugar.
And you're supposed to eat like a birthday cake and just rub Big Macs on your balls and just wear a pizza for a hat.
And I do. I really take it very seriously.
And so I got the McDonald's and I sat down and I played Witcher 3.
And then at some point Aaron came home with some Del Taco and I just didn't move.
And I just kept eating in the room slowly filled up with farts and so she would like slide stuff over to me.
And she made sliders and like mac and cheese with Doritos sprinkled on them and a big pina colada and a pineapple.
And I said I should bring this to the show and she made me a big pina colada.
So if you're on the fence about getting married, you know, you know, it's fine.
I said, I said, Aaron, what's this? What is this straw? What's the straw from?
And she said, that is an unused, I said, stop, don't.
If you have to say it's unused, you're not about to say amaze a straw from the party store.
It's probably an anti-freeze.
A licensed pre-owned bull catheter.
But do you think the holes of bull's penises are bigger than...
Some woman in the audience went, no.
Well, I heard a guy go, I'm like, no. Do we have two different people?
I think they're probably a little bigger.
I mean, they've got to be like a little... Why do I mean they've got to be?
I wonder if urethras are all the same diameter. Of course not.
No.
Of course not. A goldfish doesn't have...
A mouse's urethra is thinner than mine, I hope.
It's like a party straw. Mine's like a party straw.
Mouse's is like a little baby party straw.
And then, so I'm sure like a whales, you could probably put a ping pong ball down it.
And it would probably have space around it.
The ping pong ball.
Number three, probably not going to get any high marks on the feminist gamer report card.
I kind of got tit fatigue playing that game. There's a lot of titties in that game.
A lot of strong women, I guess, but they're strong and they have their tits are everywhere.
I'm truly bored with tits right now.
Are the guys semi-clad too or negative?
No, it's the same old, I think, hypocritical thing.
The protagonist is, I guess he's kind of a beefcake, but he's covered in scars and he's pale.
And then everyone else is just a big fat guy, I think, or a dwarf.
I'm not saying dwarves can't be attractive. Sorry, fellas.
But it's a lot of decups and a lot of acting.
It's just normal for them to just be out.
I'm really enjoying it.
It's one of those games where it has relationship options.
There's different characters and you're sort of like, while you're playing the game,
you have these multiple kind of romantic roads you can go down.
There's this woman in the beginning of the game that you like and then she's treating you like garbage,
even though you clearly like her.
But then it's kind of clear like, oh, she must be the female lead kind of thing.
I guess I'm supposed to have a will, they won't they with her?
And I guess I'll meet up with her later.
But then in the meantime, there was this redhead and I was just like, will you marry me?
So now the rest of the game, I'm like, the regular one keeps on.
I don't know, the game kind of fucks you over because it definitely gives you the option
of totally full-on monogamous commitment to this redheaded sorceress.
If the first woman that treats you cruelly were a redhead, would you be more into her?
Yes.
And that's not my fault because it's a video game, so it's like the hair especially.
It's like, what else is there?
I don't know.
Like I said, the first one, I don't like the strident type.
I don't go for that business.
But it doesn't make my little wiener jump up when somebody's like, you're a piece of shit.
I'm not like, yeah.
Yeah, I like a little equivalence.
Wasn't the redhead in the recent Jurassic Park kind of strident?
Wasn't she kind of a tough nut?
Well, there's a difference between withdrawn and mean.
Because the mean thing seems dishonest if you're going to end up actually, you know,
coupling with someone.
Then you didn't mean it when you said I was a poopoo face, right?
Because otherwise, you're a poopoo face fucker.
So now I'm a liar fucker and a poopoo face, but not a poopoo face.
We know people that like being called a poopoo face.
That's what turns them on.
Yeah, like Dino.
Dino likes being called a poopoo face.
He likes poopoo on his face.
Yeah, me not so much.
I get mad when people humiliate me.
Even in the video game realm?
Like even as part of the program of that game?
Yeah, well, especially, anyway, so that's the thing.
So this game really sets you up to...
I'm in the midst of this right now.
I almost want to stop playing the game because I am kind of immersed in it.
The first girl, it wasn't working, I decided.
It was like, well, she decided.
She said, you know, she's like cold-shouldering me.
For the first couple levels, I'm like, hey, what do you think of me?
And she's like, oh, I'm British and I have black hair.
So I'm like that archetype and I'm gone.
And then this redhead sorceress and she's nurturing
and she cares about the other mages and I helped her do this whole
like Harriet Tubman underground mage railroad story.
We got the mages out of the city
before the horrible anti-mage Hitler was going to kill them all.
That kind of, that turns me on.
Yeah, but that sounds to me like you're supposed to fall in love with her
and not the black-haired British lady from the beginning.
Wait, sorry, what?
That's something they're setting you up to love her.
They set me up.
Yes, because it's obviously available in the program because I did.
I was like, I kissed her.
You know, I could have not kissed her.
So I chose to kiss her because she looks like my wife.
And then I was like, yeah, I'm going to choose her
because I see this as one of these multiple choose-your-romance games.
So I'm definitely, this is good that they let me not choose this
this strident, you know, British cold, cold, cold, cold applesauce person.
It's like, you know, I'm a raven-haired heartbreaker.
I'm going to, hmm, I'm so mean to you like your mommy.
I'm not, thank you for not making me do that.
I like this, I like this nurturing type.
Are there other options?
Is there a third woman?
Well, I'm not, I feel like I'm in like a quarter through the game
and I'm already fucked because I, so I, like the redhead, I was like, you know,
I was like, well, don't, it was okay, we did the adventure.
And then there was an option that said, please don't go.
And I was like, please don't go.
And then there was an option that said, I love you.
And I was like, I love you.
And then, and then she's like, okay, I'll stay.
And I'm like, okay, great.
And then, and then we had sex in a lighthouse.
And are you typing things in?
No, I'm not typing.
These options that come up on the screen.
These are like, these are like, these are like story options you're choosing
based on like, you know, three dialogue decisions.
So now you're married to this redhead in the video.
Well, I'm married here, but I might as well have.
I like, yeah, I might make love in this.
What level of intimacy do they, do they show you while you're making?
It's really weird.
Do they cut your train going into a tunnel?
Well, they don't.
They show you both naked.
Then they show like her naked butt.
And then they show my hand slide over her butt.
And then, but then they cut to it just a wall.
And there was like, but there wasn't even like a shadow of humping or anything.
But it was like, there's like, they already showed like boobs and butts.
And like, it's clearly, it's not for kids this game.
Like they say the C word in it.
And the F word all the time.
Fuck is the F word.
Anyway, so, so, so I made love to Redhead.
On a lighthouse?
In a lighthouse.
Not on a lighthouse.
That's dangerous.
In it.
Yeah.
They're kind of pointy on top.
So then, and then, and then she goes like, so I guess, and then we had the conversation
of like, oh, so I guess, I guess we're going to be together forever.
Yeah.
But I got a piece of, I got to finish this video game though.
Like I was like, I got to finish like the next 85% of the game.
Without her.
Right.
Because it's not like the game is so sophisticated that now she's just hanging out.
Like going like, we're in love too.
So you, so I just said, I love you to see her butt and then she leaves the game.
And now, I mean, the part of the game, well, now that I have to go be with the brunette
and the, but the game is making my character keep flirting with the brunette.
It's not a choice.
He keeps saying stuff like, oh, you smell good.
And I'm like, no, I didn't say that.
I'm from Wisconsin.
I wouldn't pull this shit.
This is the kind of guy I hate.
And they're making me, so I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Am I supposed to, is the game supposed to.
There should be an option or maybe they shouldn't, but to go back to the redhead woman and say,
look, I know that there's probably 80% more video game out there.
But I'd rather hit game over with you.
It's kind of where I'm at.
Yeah.
I wish I kind of, honestly, I would push the brunette off a cliff if it was an option.
Well, because she won't, I mean, well, because I would say I'm sorry.
It's, I'm, you smell nice.
The game, the game, the game keeps making me act like I want to fuck you, but I don't want to.
So I'm going to murder you.
And she's like, you're mentally ill.
Because she doesn't know it's a video game.
So she's, is there, can you come on too hard where she hates you?
Like, like a Jack Tripper or Threes Company episode?
I'm not, I'm not going to try that.
There are options where it says like you can lay it on even thicker and I'm just choosing the neutral,
just like all business, you know?
And I can't wait for her to ask what's going on.
I would be like, I am a married man.
I made love in a lighthouse.
And I just want the rest of the game to just be about killing werewolves.
Do you think the game is designed for people to like,
the first girl I meet, I'm going to date her.
She's like the evil part of my mother.
She's hard to please.
I'm going to date this British lady, like a school mom.
And then you realize, oh, she sucks.
And then later on, you're supposed to meet the redhead.
It's definitely, it's laid out that way.
It's pretty ingenious.
Like it's kind of, it's very, for a video game, if it was a movie, you'd be like,
well, this isn't very smart, but for a video game, it's pretty sophisticated like stuff.
The Game Dragon Age Origins had some stuff like that I thought was pretty fun.
I'm old.
I'm playing video games.
I like that some of them have like a more nuanced story component to them.
But the danger of that is that now it's like the game is about anxiety.
Now I can't escape life.
I'm like in a worse life.
It's like a terrible, I'm like living a lie in the video game.
In the real life, I have a beautiful woman bringing me cheeseburgers.
And I'm, there is no...
You're hanging that with a poopoo face later.
Tess, Triss, Marygold.
That's the red, that's the...
Sorceress as well.
You said that with such wistful, what's her name, Tess, Marygold?
Triss.
Triss?
Yeah.
She's...
Triss.
You know, Triss.
All right, so anyways.
Oh, you forgot to bring Spencer up.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
I got mesmerized with the Ty Brickson song.
Spencer Crittenden, everybody!
Sorry, Spencer.
I was remiss.
I'm very sorry.
Don't even trip.
This is a great song, man.
It's a lot better than me.
No, don't.
No, not like that.
I mean, it's really that good of a song.
I've been...
I've literally just been driving around and I'll be like, I'm singing.
I'm like, come, come over here.
It's so good.
Hey, guys.
How far down that gallon of opaque jug of pina colada do you think you are?
Oh, I can't tell.
Hey, lick off the whole straw and do like the dipstick test.
That is a bull catheter.
That is some viscous shit.
It's really good.
I have a perfect wife.
I have the perfect wife.
She's not here tonight.
What does she have to do?
She's fatigued from cooking for you all day?
She's got a lot of...
She's got to make...
You know, it's our friend Kimber's birthday tomorrow, I think.
Oh, yeah?
So she's making some stuff.
I think I should switch DJ back to Saturday.
This is not good for performance.
Does it feel sluggish?
And I'm also like the summer heat.
Oh, yeah.
So I lose a little job of the hut.
I should just go back.
Is that a proper pina colada in terms of...?
Oh, yeah.
This is pretty standard.
Like booze to mixer ratio?
Oh, I don't know.
I mean, it's boozy.
It's pretty boozy.
Damn.
That's a lot of booze, Jackson.
I'll try a sip.
It's so great.
I got to try it.
I got a long way to go.
Well, what's in a pina colada?
I'm not good at alcohol.
It's rum, coconut, milk, pineapple, and something else.
Shit.
You like booze and milk?
Yeah.
Try it, Spencer.
Come on.
Take a bite off of that sandwich, man.
Do you guys remember the Darwin Awards?
There's a guy who won a Darwin Award for trying to make alcohol by mixing beer...
No, if he started with beer, that'd be good.
No, he was mixing milk with just car gasoline.
Because that's how booze is made.
And he died from drinking it?
Yeah.
He drank so much that he died.
I mean, I don't know how much you'd have to drink, but yeah.
Do you remember, I mean, it might be apocryphal, but when I was in college, do you remember
the story of the guy that died?
He was doing a headstand and he put a bottle of Jack Daniels up in his butt and he let
the booze drain into his butt and he just died.
Yeah, I don't think that was an urban legend.
I think it really happened to a guy.
That's some serious butt chugging.
That's what they call that.
That's not some Saturday morning brunch butt chugging.
This isn't your grandmother's butt chugging.
That's not like a casual mimosa.
Mimosa butt chugging.
Pour down your anal cavity at 45 degree angles by a group of well-meaning friends before
going to see a Marvel movie.
This is hardcore butt chugging.
I would have butt chugged a little bit of that pina colada.
That was delicious.
That would be cold.
You want cold though.
You wouldn't want hot.
How come putting stuff in your butt makes it go into your blood faster than putting
it in your mouth?
I think it's a more closer capillary network to the edge of the skin probably.
But that doesn't...
Oh, okay.
It's not...
Your skin is like protective tissue.
It's designed to prevent absorption, but you're like inner insides or not.
So I think that things can just pass into your blood easier.
Why wouldn't they save that apparatus for up here?
It's the answer because you don't want that much to get through up here.
I think that's the answer.
But then again, what's down there is poop.
But that's your intestines, right?
I think the idea is throughout your entire digestive tract, your body is trying to reabsorb
anything that's valuable all the way until the last drop.
Yeah, so that's the last resort.
That's the ultimate filter back there because that's the last shot you got, man.
You know, elephants, you know how everybody goes to the zoo and they see an elephant eat
grass out of another elephant's asshole?
Oh, yeah.
And they always think they saw the craziest thing in the world.
But this elephant shit is basically just grass.
You could eat it.
It would be great.
Because they just like animals that digest cellulose, which we cannot do.
If we ate a handful of grass, our stomach would be like, why are you doing that?
That might as well be just a house or something.
And I'm not a termite.
But deer and rabbits and elephants, certain mammals have the enzymes so they can break
down cellulose so they can eat grass.
Whatever that is, basically, but they pass so much of it through.
It's such an inefficient engine that their poop is practically edible.
They're the original butt sugars.
They're the opposite of butt sugars.
They're butt munchers.
They're buffet butts.
The elephant that's eating the poo out the first elephant, he's a butt muncher.
He's a butt muncher.
Yeah.
We got that settled?
All right.
We're getting a lot done tonight.
It's a low energy show.
I got a lot of food in my stomach, but we're getting some stuff done.
Dorito, mac and cheese?
Yeah.
That's just mac and cheese with Doritos sprinkling.
You make me puke.
Oh, another thing about Witcher 3.
Not the gallon of pina colada.
I'm going to make you puke.
Go ahead.
Witcher 3 is like, I didn't mean to, I wasn't decrying it as a sexist game or anything.
I just think that in the last five years with the world changing under her feet, I don't,
I don't have a horse in that race.
So I'm just going like, ooh, those are neat tits.
But like, and I think, I think that it's a very enjoyable game for everybody.
I just think in that one particular area, it's sort of like, kind of like, it's just
sort of funny because it's like, takes place in this fantasy world.
And it's just like, literally everybody, it's just like the equivalent of a receptionist
will just come up and go, can I help you?
And her shirt will just be just unbuttoned to her kknave. for no reason.
It's just like, just boobs in your face.
Is Trish Marigold putting it out there too?
She was one of the more tasteful ones, I would say.
She wore pants and she, you know, you could see that she had boobs, but, but I don't think
she, I think it was an accident.
I was more taken with her magic and her politics.
Anyways, I just wanted to say one more thing about Witcher 3.
They have strumpets in the game.
Can we bring the word strumpets back?
That's adorable.
I mean, you can't ask men to not be sexist overnight, but we could, maybe if we brought
back a word like strumpets, at least we could make us a little more adorable while
we're being misogynist.
You know, the guy that invented the word strumpet in like a fit of misogyny, he must
have been so bummed out when it came out of his mouth.
He's like, you fucking strumpet.
And then the woman is like, I'll take it.
That's adorable.
He's like, God damn it.
Strumpet.
This sounds like, well, it sounds like trumpet or and crumpet.
You got no arguments from me on that one.
Let's do a new segment called Boring News.
It's just so far we have not been doing that.
Yo.
I wanna do a clip about these two lines from one to one.
Alright.
You like this one?
Yeah, yeah, yo, slow rapping.
Yo, yo, scary, scary neighborhood.
Yo, yo, driving down a spooky street, yo.
Halloween, look at all the costumes, trick or treat.
Fuckin'.
Motherfucker.
The girls dressed like a pumpkin.
That girl's dressed like a pumpkin.
I hope she gets a lot of candy.
Roll down the window.
Look at my foot.
OK, fuck that.
Fuck that.
I think I'd work like this.
I think, yeah.
I only listen to the first eight bars of that one, Spencer.
Sorry, that's a corrupt final.
Yeah, is that a banff?
Sorry, man.
That was the one off of the YouTube.
I clicked the link and downloaded right to the thing.
I use that YouTube link all the time, so I don't know.
I don't know.
Sorry, everybody.
Everybody get your shit together.
This is not what the people pay us for.
All right, so this is, OK, one more time.
This is boring.
I can play it off the YouTube that he sent me.
Boring news segment.
Are we going to do this theme again?
You want the same one?
Yeah.
The wonky one that we just did?
Yeah, yeah, what's happening ain't always entertaining.
Sometimes it's boring.
Nothing much happened.
Boring news.
OK.
We got a new saltwater aquarium installed in our home.
And go on.
These, in order, are my 10 picks for our fish.
Dan, I'm going to stop you there.
This is called boring news.
My top pick is the blue-spotted jawfish.
Look it up.
You'll see why.
Tell me why, because I don't have the option.
It's like a little snake guy.
And he can make a little hole in the sand
like act like a snake sometimes.
How large are these fish we're talking?
How big is the aquarium?
Is it a giant one or a small one?
I don't know.
It's an aquarium size.
Somewhere between 50 and 1,000 gallons.
It's a decent size one.
You wouldn't call it big, but it's certainly good sized.
We'll get extra little fish.
Number two, the yellow watchman Gobi.
Nothing really to say about him.
I can't remember anything about him.
Number three, the court jester Gobi.
Why is he playing second fiddle to the other Gobi?
I don't know.
I can't remember.
Number four, the lawnmower Blenny.
I think I remember him.
He scoots along the dirt.
Number five, Jeff, you're going to like this one.
The blue tang.
Yeah.
Somewhere that Smurf pussy.
Number six, the hellfreaky dartfish.
They're making these up.
This is not even.
These aren't real fish.
That one I got just because it reminded me of the Diantword
song.
I think hellfreaky and I like you a lot.
Number seven, I can't remember the name,
but Aaron and I call it the pajama boushemi cardinal fish
because it reminded us of Steve Boushemi.
Number eight, the royal grandma, I know, typical.
Number nine, the bang-guy cardinal.
Number 10, the Bartlett anthias.
I mean, that's one.
That one can go fuck its off.
It's number 10.
Dan, give me the 30 fish that didn't make the cut.
I don't know.
There's a bunch of blendies and grammas that don't make it.
Are you going to combine these fish?
You're going to pick one sort of fish?
Well, we'll defer to our aquarium guy who, you know,
he'll go, oh, a blendie will eat a goby.
You've been with me, too, at Damon's and Glendale, right?
That Tiki place, the bar, with the head
to make the chi-chis.
Yeah, they got some aquariums in there.
Yeah, they have a bunch of aquariums.
I'm not a big aquarium.
I grew up with fishing aquariums.
I liked them as a kid.
But there was one fish that takes dirt and sucks it up
in his mouth, and he goes and makes little towers over here.
And he makes a little building of dirt over here, or gravel.
That's one of these guys, I can't remember.
That might be the blue snaky guy.
And then they suck it up, and he gets bored with that shit
and starts making one over there.
And the other fish are just swimming around looking at you.
They're doing nothing.
This guy's working for 11.
Salwater takes a very meticulous, you know,
they're hard to maintain.
So we got, you know, they're taking it step by step.
They got to put living rock in it.
Then they put some coral in it later.
But first, they brought in three starter fish.
Yeah, that's how you got to do it.
That sounds like a shitty gig.
What do they have to do?
They start the water off?
Yeah, well, Dino and I spent like 45 minutes
like disagreeing on what the Pixar movie would be,
like about starter fish.
Because Dino was, I wish he was here to like defend his movie,
but I was like, you don't get it.
You just don't get it.
Because he was like, he was obsessed with this idea
that it would be the story of a starter fish's relationship
with the little girl who got the aquarium,
but her parents kept telling her,
don't get attached to him.
He's just a starter fish.
Like he's going to die.
And I was like, dude, your narrative's all over the fucking
place.
And he's like, you said the toy story.
I said, yeah, exactly.
Andy's a fucking meteorological phenomenon.
He's moving.
He likes this toy.
He doesn't like that toy.
The toys are the ones with the fucking complicated
relationships.
You can't bounce back and forth in and out of the tank.
There's grownups talking to a kid and going like,
don't get attached to her.
What the fuck is he talking about?
What's your opening?
I'm glad you asked.
Obviously, I mean, I don't even know
that you have a choice in this matter.
If it's a movie called Starter Fish, it's like, hey,
we're starter fish.
We're like the blue collar fish.
We go into the tank and we can handle hardier water
and we get things started.
And we know that we do a good job when the big bright fish come
in who are more sensitive and delicate
and who cost more money.
And they're the reason that people get the tank.
I'm sorry I spit all over you.
Hit pause for a second.
So the Starter Fish's job is to what?
They're just in there because they're cheap.
And if they die, it's not as big a deal.
You're making sure you've got the levels of the thing.
But they actually set the levels themselves.
It's like they shit.
And then bacteria and stuff can grow in the carbon
and the living material they put out.
And that actually puts bacteria in the water.
Then that bacteria eats and puts air into the water.
They can breathe.
They jump start the biosphere.
It's called a murder fish.
Anyways, my, obviously my story.
That's the name of your movie, Murder Fish.
Well, I think someone could throw that out at one point.
Go, why don't they call you Murder Fish?
Maybe.
That could be like a thing in Act 1, I guess.
It's in the trailer for sure.
My movie's about the little starter fish that decides
he wants to be the center of attention.
He's not a starter fish.
He's going to be the most important fish in the tank.
And then everyone's like, look at that fish.
And then all the, you know, you don't set the story
outside the aquarium.
You have all the other fish.
You're like, what the fuck are you doing, starter fish?
The other fish is saying, look, don't get too big
for your boots.
You know where we're going.
We're going right down the toilet.
See, you and Dina were obsessed with this lifespan thing.
That's the thing.
I don't want to get to that.
It's not.
Well, wouldn't it be Threshold Guardian starter fish?
Or they would all go get them.
No, no, I think yes.
Of course, he would have his family would be like,
don't, don't, Mickey.
Don't, like, don't, you're a starter fish.
Now, I don't know why.
I got to finish writing the movie.
But I don't know what's at stake for anybody.
They're in a tank.
So I don't know.
Maybe there's a fish contest at the end of the movie.
I don't know.
I'll work on it later.
Yeah, how does he go from being a starter fish to making
the cut for these flashier pajamas,
bushammies, and stuff like that when they come in?
Well, I don't know.
OK, I'm just riffing this, OK?
Bad pitch.
OK, Tommy, the starter fish, comes in and they go,
like, kid, you're a starter fish.
Do you know the code of starter fish?
No, I don't.
Tell me.
Really, you're telling the audience.
You tell them, huh?
It's a starter fish.
This is our code of ethics.
OK, a starter fish.
OK, here come all the fucked up fish.
So they're the non-fucked up fish.
And then, OK, so it's a love story.
He falls for a girl.
You know what?
Maybe it needs to take place in the aquarium store
in order for it to work, because then there's
that whole adoption thing.
Where are you going to go?
That's what it has to be.
It's like, oh, he falls in love with a tetra or a blue tang,
probably.
Or just wants to be friends.
It doesn't have to be falls in love,
because some people might go, they can't reproduce.
Are they going to, why do you want
to think about these fish fucking?
And then, but then he's like, I want to go with her,
so I'm going to go.
So he's just in a tank full of starter fish,
so then what do you do when you're just a kid born off
Broadway, but you've got big dreams?
So he starts flashing around.
It's like a subtle, if you do it right,
it could be like a subtle commentary for drag queens.
He decides, I want to be flashy.
And the people are like, you're weird.
Stop it.
That's not in your nature.
You're a starter fish.
And he's like, so what?
That's what I was born.
I don't care.
I want to be a different kind of fish
and get scooped out of here.
And I'm going to go be on the metaphor for whatever RuPaul
show, which is going into some little girl's
tank in her bedroom.
What's the bottoming out of that?
What's the Randy Newman theme song?
Oh, that's that.
I guess so.
Because I got a thing for you.
No, no, no.
That's his terrible size where he's just talking.
Oh, swimming water.
Water, swimming, friend.
It's not a song, just because there's
a piano in the background.
All right, so next week, we're not here,
because we're doing the Rick and Morty Premier Party.
It's the premieres on Sunday.
So apparently, I've been asked to host a streaming of the thing.
Yeah, you're helping us out there at the party.
I should probably get to see the episode
before that happens, so I know what the hell I'm talking about.
Yeah, it could be a disaster, because you'd be like,
what are you going to see?
I don't even know what you're going to be doing.
Me neither.
Then the week after that, it gets more confusing.
We're going to be in New York.
Right?
Is that right?
We are, but I guess.
That show's already sold out, because it's
in a teeny little theater.
Not that you guys were going to fly to New York to see us,
for those of you listening to New York.
And then we're back here, and we're rolling like James Brolin.
Do you think I?
Do you?
Are you?
Is there anybody here that's lactose intolerant?
There's got to be.
OK.
So I'm going to ask you a couple yes or no questions.
Do you fart a lot when you?
OK.
Does it hurt?
So it's just like, so if you just had a cheeseburger.
So is it possible that I could have been lactose intolerant
my whole life, and I'm just now noticing,
because I fart so much?
What did you say?
You shart yourself a lot.
Shart yourself?
What are you, what are you, British?
You do poop your pants a lot.
Well, yeah, but that's alcoholism.
That's.
I'm a drunk, too.
I don't poop my pants ever.
Well, it could be a combination.
If I'm drunk and eating a lot of dairy,
then I'm farting so much that I'm
my inhibitions and judgment are lowered,
so then I'm like, here comes a great fart.
I'm like, I don't realize.
Now, have you ever pooped your pants sober?
Let's figure this out.
Well, I don't know.
Yeah, I have, because I remember in comedy sports,
I remember at the Marriott Hotel.
I went up to.
Yeah, I remember very distinctly,
because Dick Chudnow, the founder of comedy sports,
was setting up the stage.
And he said something like, I wonder
if we should play this game or that game tonight, or whatever.
And I said, well, you know, Dick, I
felt like a fart coming.
And I said, well, you know, a real crowd pleaser is if we.
And I just shit in my pants.
There was no sound.
And I just walked away and had to throw my pants
and my underwear in the garbage.
I was like, I had no pants.
I had to borrow someone else's pants.
And they knew.
It's not like I took a shower.
It's like, so they knew that they'd then
have to throw their pants away, too.
Did they know what happened?
Everyone knew.
There was no way I was going to let that be a secret.
And that's just more humiliation.
As soon as that shit starts, I'm going to ground zero,
wait, a Def Con, whatever.
I'm not going to let somebody go.
Damn shit, his pants.
I was on stage in LA with a guy, one of the dudes
in our show, who was the referee.
Right before, a good set of intermission
is called halftime.
And all of a sudden, it smelled like somebody
shit their pants.
And certainly enough, our referee had just completely
filled his pants.
And so he came back out at halftime for the second act.
And instead of having black trousers on,
like he'd had to start the thing, now he had like navy blue
or royal blue sweatpants.
But no underwear, so you could see a little wiener
in the clothing.
And it was mesmerizing.
He'd talk over here and a wiener over here.
And he'd talk over there and wiener over there.
I know who that guy is, because he's totally like that.
I wanted to mention his name so bad.
There was this kid named Noah in my grade school, Noah.
I can't remember his last name or boy, I'd tell you.
But I remember his first name was Noah.
And by his own account, he was allergic to cheese.
So I think we just didn't know it was called lactose intolerance
back then.
But he said, I'm allergic to cheese.
And we go, what do you mean?
Like you sneeze when you eat it?
And he's like, no, I shit my pants.
But then it was the 80s, and it was a public school.
So he would take a dollar to eat cheese.
People would give him a dollar.
And he'd go like, really?
A dollar?
I was like, just moose.
And he had some witticism like, poops temporary.
Money's forever anyway.
I wish that were true, Dan.
Like, my pants will be cleaned tomorrow.
Like, yeah, but it's going to cost a dollar to wash them.
Yes, tomorrow my pants will be cleaned.
But I shall be rich.
And I remember one time he shit his pants in the cafeteria.
What age are we talking?
I'm sorry.
No, it wasn't him.
I mean, Noah would shit his pants all the time.
But he did it on purpose, and then I
think he'd just go home.
And I think he would just whistle the theme
from the ending of the show.
And it's like, I guess he was the kid that was nailing it,
right?
It's like, I shit my pants when I eat cheese.
I'll give you a dollar to do that.
OK.
Goodbye, school.
Hello, dollar.
I have to go do two things.
I have to go do some laundry and go to the bank.
So, but there was this kid.
I can't remember his name, but.
I wish you could because the names of your friends from school
are hilarious.
OK, I want to say his, I do remember his name.
And I remember his full name.
His first name was Henry.
I want to say his last name because it's adorable,
but it's alliterative.
But he was an adorable, very quiet kid, and he shit his pants.
And for some reason, this is what's really weird.
This is what would have been first grade, not kindergarten.
Because in kindergarten, I told you the story of how I,
in kindergarten, you don't even know where you're going.
They used to take me to that special room when I was in
kindergarten because I knew how to read.
And they would like, they left me in this room.
And I didn't know how to read the clocks.
Has he told the story before?
I had to.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I was like, I know when the bell rings,
I get to go to the bathroom.
But I don't know what time it is.
And I don't know when the bell's going to ring.
And I had to pee.
And I just peed in the chair.
I just was in the middle of this walking closet surrounded
by textbooks.
And I just went, pssh.
And right in the middle of it, it was like, prrrrring the bell.
And I was just like, psh.
And it just kept going.
And then I just got up and took a look back.
And there's this big ocean of pee.
And I just hit the lights.
And while I left it, I just piss all the way past.
And went and got in the lunch line thinking, oh, yeah,
no one will notice.
I was like, you look like you were riding a painted horse
that hadn't dried yet.
Of course, people are going to notice.
And the guy who really pointed it out,
my brother, who was in sixth grade at the time,
was like, did you piss your pants in the whole school?
I was like, you pissed your pants.
Anyways, when I was in first grade,
Did you cry?
Like, was that horrible?
I don't think.
I think that was so weird that I don't think I cried.
I think I've cried it.
I've cried it less.
Did you realize you could have been making money on this
the whole time?
You could have peed in your pants for $1 a pop.
So this kid, Henry, Miss Piana comes up to me at lunch,
first grade.
And she goes, she's got Henry.
She's holding his hand.
And she goes, Daniel, will you take Henry to the bathroom?
He had an accident.
Now, I never shit my pants in school as far as I know.
So I don't know why I'm an expert.
Like, send him with Noah.
You know, like, Noah, I'll show him the ropes.
Maybe that's what she was worried about.
We don't need another poop tycoon in our school.
I think it was like, because I was smart.
I was the smart kid.
I was supposed to handle it.
It was like, I could be like an expert.
Or that you dealt with the trauma of peeing yourself
so well that you thought, I can take it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I remember going into the coat room where the bathrooms
were, and he just went into a stall.
And I was just kind of like, I have
such a clear memory of that.
Like, I was just hanging out by the winter coats,
just kind of trying to talk him through it,
like an old war buddy or something.
I pooped my pants all the time, uh-huh, OK.
Oh, man, it's everywhere.
It's all right.
It's OK, man.
Just clean it up.
I don't know what I was supposed to do.
That's so weird.
Yeah.
It's a positive memory for me, though,
because I felt like I did it right.
But I'm sure I didn't.
I don't know.
I'm sure I wasn't supposed to help him.
That would be crazy if the teacher wanted me to help.
She couldn't have wanted that.
Yeah, how would she have judged the success of that task?
Like, what was she hoping would happen?
I mean, usually you go to the nurse,
or they call a parent or something, right?
I guess this was in the past.
Yeah, this was in dinosaur times.
There weren't, there were probably just as many pedophiles
and kidnappings, but there was no internet yet.
So it was just sort of like, well,
as long as he's with someone, we can't just
send him off into the world.
We'll send him with two kids, so they'll
be harder to kidnap.
We had beatings in my elementary school.
Like, you got corporal punishment.
Like, there were hard spankings at our school.
I don't think we ever, we would get,
That's hilarious.
For our birthdays there were.
We got, we got paddled for our birthdays.
You could hear kids getting spanked
or someone did something bad.
I feel like I've told the story before,
but there was a ping-pong paddle supposedly,
and they really whacked the crap out of you.
Not quite, but you could hear it from outside the building.
And so you'd be in there like, it was like,
like a scene from some World War II, like prisoner movie,
and you could hear the kids screaming, you'll wham!
Ah, this is the fucking worst.
And then what, supposedly the legend was there was one kid
that was so badass, he clenched up his butt cheeks
and broke the ping-pong paddle.
Like, he was famous whether or not that ever happened,
but he was like, he was Paul Bunyan.
His ass is so muscular.
He just fought it so hard,
he's like, it's fucking, he destroyed a ping-pong paddle.
Well, my mom would hit us with a wooden spoon,
and every once in a while, the wooden spoon would break.
Oh yeah, I'm sure that there was stress crack,
there was fatigue in that wood.
I hate that that kid got credit for,
because it's like, if you just hit a rock
with a ping-pong paddle, it's not going to break.
It's not like because it's so hard.
Yeah.
Like, he just, someone else's ass wore that thing out for him.
Yeah, where's their credit?
Yeah.
No, I don't think anybody got...
They call those starter butts.
Like...
I'm trying to remember, even like maybe before,
because my brother was five years ahead of me,
so like, any stories about,
I hear stories about teachers throwing erasers
and throwing chalk and throwing tantrums and stuff.
Like, yeah, there were teachers who would have
like, nervous breakdowns, but then they would get,
like, they would disappear, you know,
because they did something physical.
We had a crazy teacher that locked, like,
if you made her mad, she was kind of like,
on and off medication, and if she was off her medication,
she would just lock kids in a cabinet.
And like, that was the punished man.
And then people, she got fired for that, of course.
We found out about that.
But suddenly, she would go like,
Mr. Davis, get out of here.
Like, yeah, you've disrupted the class too many times.
You go run around the school.
Now, our school was enormous.
Like, it would take you the rest of the day,
so I just went to my car and went home.
Then we found that out, so we would just try to piss her off,
and she would go take a lap,
and then we would just go to like,
Derewienerschnitzel.
I almost died at Derewienerschnitzel at lunch, by the way.
The guy was taking a bite of a corn dog,
and my friend John, while I was taking a bite of his corn dog,
he just thought it'd be funny if he gave me more than I wanted,
and he'd shoved the entire corn dog down my mouth.
But before I knew it was happening,
I had bitten the corn dog off.
Now I've got an entire corn dog in my throat,
and it's not gonna come back out.
There's no way to get a handle on the corn dog
with your mouth, and I'm just going, I'm dying here.
And then everybody looked at me and realized
that I was dying, and everybody froze.
And so then, one big strong friend of mine,
we called Bam Bam, he just came up and picked me upside down,
shook me by my ankle.
Oh, man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
But I digress.
I do remember thinking in that moment of crisis
when I thought, okay, I can't breathe.
It's been a while now.
I need to start breathing soon.
There's nothing I can do to help this thing out.
It will not go down.
It's not gonna come out.
And I remember thinking, not like this.
Oh, man.
Well, did you notice, like, so everybody in this room
probably has had, like, a choking incident
where you actually, like, you kind of, like,
it triggers this very specific response in your brain.
Like, you feel like this could be it.
Like, and it takes very little for that to get triggered
because you're like, oh, my God, I didn't realize
how accustomed I am to breathing whenever I want.
And it's weird how, number one,
how everyone around you kind of freezes.
And I've been that guy.
Dino and I were eating at Little Dom's
with our newly hired CFO at the time.
He was just having dinner with him to talk about
how excited we were for him to be turning the company
around to our animation studio.
And he's like, yeah, and it's gonna be great.
And he's eating this, you know, the hanger steak.
And he's just like, yeah, I'm really excited about it.
And I can't wait to get some health plans
for the staffers.
And I'm like, yeah, morale could be higher over
if the animation thing, we could kind of fix
that air conditioning.
And he's like, yeah.
And I really want to, and Dino and I were kind of like,
like, it's weird.
Like, I don't know, like, and he, he, he, he, he, he.
You're supposed to overreact to possible choking.
And the bartender did, like, he, he was coming around
soon enough that before Dino and I started to do
the right thing, he was already over there.
Plus on top of it, by the time anybody got close to him,
he, he just came out onto the floor and he picked it up
with a napkin and continued the conversation.
But, but we were sort of like, oh, we can never
unlive that experience.
Like, like, I just might have just watched a guy die,
I guess.
Like, I don't know what, what I would have done
and when I would have done it.
And the other, the other weird thing is that
on the choking side, the instinct very often is to like,
hide, like people die because they start to choke
and then they like go to the bathroom
because they're embarrassed.
I, and I, I've, I've, I've been in that situation.
And it is weird how much shame gets triggered.
Cause you, you're, you're choking.
And I guess cause you, maybe you feel like a pig
or something.
Like you just feel, you feel like, well, what's inside
your body shouldn't be anyone's business or something.
And so you're just like, you kind of want to go hide
somewhere until it's over, which could kill you.
For me, I, I thought I'll handle this.
Like, like, let me get this corn dog out of my mouth.
And at some point, like I'm dying and I need somebody's
else's help here.
By that time, I kept waving everybody off, I think.
So everybody was like in stasis the whole time.
Yeah.
That's good.
I mean, in the seventies, they had that whole Heimlich
awareness campaign.
I guess there must have just, it must have just been
terrible like to, it must have happened all the time.
People just like eating in a restaurant and they just
like turned blue and everyone's just going, oh no,
Harold.
And they just watch them die.
I always thought that that would be like, if I, I don't
have tattoos and I don't want any, but like CPR diagram
and Heimlich maneuver diagram.
So, oh, if you're choking, just rip open your shirtling.
You know, there's a trick for the CPR cause you know, you
do chest compressions, right?
But you got to do it like a special rhythm.
The rhythm is the beat of the song, Stayin' Alive.
The disco song, you know?
When you compress, you go pump.
You go, ha, ha, ha, ha, Stayin' Alive, Stayin' Alive.
Oh, oh, you don't stop for the thing.
No, to the beat, you know, ha, ha, ha, ha, Stayin' Alive.
You just keep pumpin'.
But couldn't that also be, I want to fuck you
like an animal?
I want to.
Just hear those sleigh bells going around.
I guess that the picture of this is Stayin' Alive.
It's also a morale booster.
I think it makes people excited to know something.
It made me excited.
We are the world.
We are the children.
I mean, just pump their chest.
If it helps, pretend it's a song.
Fuck the police.
Come on down for the men and women.
Will you know my name?
If I see you in heaven.
Oh, no.
No, not the air-exlecting.
It's also too slow a tempo.
It's too slow.
All right, well, back to this farting thing.
So I'm lactose intolerant, for sure, I think.
Because it's like, when I'm eating beans and stuff,
I fart like regular people that eat beans.
Like, it's a musical fruit, as you know.
But it's like predictable amount of bean farting.
But then, if I have like a pint of ice cream or, you know,
dairy, like, I'm capable of generating so much.
There must just be some incredible thing happening.
Have you tried cutting out all dairy
just to see if that goes away?
Well, I effectively have with this.
Yes, that's what I'm telling you.
I finally, it took me 42 years to accidentally
have that experiment.
I never tried it.
But today you had a load of dairy, right?
Like, are you?
Yeah, I'm saying, today you're farting because of that.
But when you cut it out, that stops.
Yes, for the rest of the week, it's not there.
But then it's like, oh, and then I
have like some ice cream or a pina colada or something.
And then it's like, holy gemoli.
Like, I feel like I could fill a hot air balloon.
And there might be a way to tap it for global energy.
It just seems like an amazing thing
that a human being can generate so much.
We can at least have our own hot air balloon.
Yeah.
My friend Sam, he was my neighbor.
He had this lovely family.
They were a very cohesive nuclear family.
And they all had, the family joke was cherries made them
all fart like mad.
So they would all, you go to their house,
and they would put out a bowl of cherries,
and they'd all start laughing.
So I was eating cherries, and they're laughing.
Mom, dad, like old people, young people,
everyone's just farting.
Cherries.
I don't like that story.
So yeah.
I don't know why.
Their past time is to invite guests over and just fart
all over the place.
I guess because it's a family, I guess
that's what I don't like about it.
Yeah.
I don't like that it's a family.
You resent that the family bonded over anything?
It's like the hills have eyes, kind of.
Yeah.
Except they don't.
Because if the hills had eyes, some of those eyes
would lend to self-awareness.
If the hills had enough eyes, the hills
could see themselves for what they were.
And that family can't.
So you are not upset about family farting.
You just that resonated for you of a close, cohesive family.
I don't think I'm jealous of the cherry farted family.
I don't like them.
I think they're too close.
I don't like that.
Where are they doing that together?
Well, tell me more about them.
What did they do with bananas?
Did they shower together?
They were the Smotherman family.
And I went to high school.
The Smotherman family?
Smotherman.
When I moved back from when I was on the play on Broadway
when I was 10, 11, and then I came back to L.A.
It's 9, 11.
For the first time, 9, 11.
OK.
All right.
Woo-hoo!
Good.
That was good.
That's a healthier response to 9, 11.
My first day back, I moved back to Whittier,
which I'd never lived in, but my grandmother lived there.
When I was a little kid, we had like a big house
with horses and stuff.
And then gradually, my family lost all of our money.
And then I went on the road with my mom.
And then my dad was back home.
I think they would have gotten divorced.
We came back, and we lived in this really small house
with this shitty car.
I didn't know anybody would move in this kind of.
It's not a great neighborhood.
It wasn't like living in a horrible Detroit
or some terrible gunfire going off all night long.
But it was like I lived in a really nice, hilly, beautiful
childhood.
Now I didn't know anybody.
And I remember laying on my parents' bed
in this new little house.
And all I could hear was a plane going overhead.
And when you fly into L.A.X., if you're coming back into L.A.
and when you hear the flaps go down,
if you look at the window, you can see my high school.
That's the sound of, you can hear it from the ground.
That whew of the planes decelerating.
And I started crying, because it was the only noise I heard.
And I just lived in New York for about a year,
where it's just all this input and action and stuff.
So I was really depressed.
And this kid went by on a skateboard.
And that was Sam Smotherman.
And he lived just down the block.
And their family was so cool.
And their dad, they were all really Christian,
but the most adorable, wonderful version of that.
And if everybody were like that, you
wouldn't have any negative attachments to that.
They would sit around.
Sam got really sick as a kid, like some disease.
And then he got really wounded in a car accident.
And all this, they went through a lot of family crises.
And they would sit down as a unit.
And they would just talk it out.
And they would, like, if it came down to it,
the father would just say, well, you know,
it says in the book of James or whatever.
And they were not like in a pedantic or pedagogical
or a preachery way.
I just sat there watching it.
And it was just like, this is marvelous.
And then the cherries would come to the table.
Well, I hung out there so often.
I still have dreams where I'm knocking on Sam's motherman's
door from when I was 13 or 12.
But that kitchen, and that one day, I hung out there so much,
there was a bowl of cherries out there.
And I took one, and they all started snickering.
And I was like, what's the joke?
And they're like, it makes the smotherman's part.
It makes the smotherman's part.
Now do you like them?
Yeah, the smotherman's are fine now.
I was pictured on more like white trash,
like they drank antifreeze.
And one of them like huffed himself to death in the basement.
But he was still kind of half alive in the hospital.
And they would like in order to make their cars go faster,
they would spit into the air scoop.
Spencer, are you OK?
How did they reach the air scoop from there?
They climb out into the hood.
This is assuming someone else is driving.
Yeah, of course.
And you're trying to catch somebody
to keep them from taking all the petrol or the.
Is that actually a thing?
Are there car people here?
Did we know that that works, spitting fuel
into the air scoop, you think?
Wait, what?
Do we know that that actually works, like Mad Max?
I don't know.
Anybody here?
We're not a car crowd.
Yeah.
I mean, what are you even asking?
And Mad Max, when they go out in the thing
and they're spitting the second fuel out of a hose,
and they're spitting it into the intake valves
on the hoods of the car, and the car gets super boosted
and goes really fast.
I'm not.
Oh, yeah.
Anybody?
I'm sure that works perfectly.
It's not.
That doesn't work?
No, it would flood the engine.
It would flood the engine.
What if it was like crazy Mad Max cars, though?
OK.
I mean, you mean it would flood the engine eventually.
Damn.
Like, that's why they didn't design the cars to just
have a guy spitting tape to the front of the car,
because that would have been impractical.
But they're like, this is life or death.
They could have just invented a little hose
when he's like a little squirt model,
like a just like fire.
But then they'd overuse it.
You know, those guys are nuts.
Those little, they're anemic guys covered in tumors.
They're spray painting their war boys.
War boys.
Those guys are crazy.
They have no impulse control.
You can't give them a hose and say,
only do this when you really need it.
Your whole society is founded on their feral ferocity.
You can't then just ask them to do something in moderation.
How dare you?
So after like 70 years in the making,
like we finally close the deal, we're going to actually start
shooting Harmon Quest.
Woo-hoo!
Are we going to do new characters, same characters?
I think we're going to kind of restart from the ground up.
Yeah, I think it'll basically be the same.
Maybe a few tweaks here or there.
Because it's actually going to be a fancier version of it
than we originally planned, because people got excited about it.
Now we're going to tape 10 episodes,
and it's going to be on some tiny or experimental,
I don't know how much I'm allowed to say and not allowed to say,
but it'll be out on some platform that you'll be able to find or something.
It may or may not play in Canada.
I don't know.
I have no idea how that shit's going to work, but it's not Yahoo.
It's something else.
But we're going to do 10 episodes, so certainly they'll exist.
That's so awesome.
I can't wait.
And we'll have tapings and stuff, and we'll
make sure you guys know where to go.
That'll be in September, so you can come and watch us.
We'll get the old celebrity guests to come and play with us,
and then we're going to animate.
Have you picked your dream team yet?
That's probably too soon to talk about that.
I think it's just going to do five episodes with Vince Vaughn,
and then three with Colin Farrell.
Did you notice that you know our little dog Nigel?
Do you think he looks like Colin Farrell?
He looks a lot like Colin Farrell.
He does.
I don't know if Aaron's like Instagrammed it yet,
like with a split screen, but he looks.
I think I see where you're going.
Yeah, I can imagine that.
Yeah, all right.
Well, I like Nigel more than Colin Farrell, though.
I think the show's been like a five, five and a half out of 20.
I call it a solid five and a half.
Solid five?
That's no good.
What do we got to do to make it memorable and extreme?
Extreme?
Well, maybe not.
I mean, not like racist extreme.
I got two words.
Butt chug him.
We could be the first podcast of Butt Chug,
two live stream of Pina Colada Butt Chug.
Somebody did come up and was like, I'll butt chug,
and then they died.
And that was just it.
Everything in your whole life was leading up to that.
Can we generate some sort of waiver
that they signed their life away?
It still wouldn't matter.
It'd still be the podcast that killed a guy
by pouring Jack Daniels in his butt.
Or girl.
Why don't we start off with butt chugging something
nutritive, like just a big, like, we'll
fill a bottle of Jack Daniels with, like, pediolite,
or something like that that won't kill you.
There's still butt chugging, right?
What if we brought up a guy stood him on his hands,
poured pediolite down his butt, and he became, like,
a senator, or, like, an astronaut or something.
Like, he became, like, we found out
that that's what you have to do.
I think there's only one way to find out.
Who here?
I mean, there's people that volunteered to go to Mars
and never come back.
I think somebody is willing to take that chance.
I mean, we'd need a funnel.
We'd need pediolite.
Yeah.
OK, we can't afford that.
Well, I mean, the overhead's too extreme.
I don't know if you're seriously thinking about it right now.
I'm just, like, honestly, like,
I like that you're getting logistical about this.
It means you're actually going to.
I do know that there would be someone in the audience
that would be willing to.
Would there be, like, should we build, like, a little stand?
Or, like, like, like, like, gravity boots
with their heels clipped?
Yeah.
Wide in the mouth.
What would you wear?
That's another thing.
What do you have somebody wear?
Just nothing?
Or do you make them a little, like, a chaff, I guess, right?
Chaff, but, like, on the side, it's just sponsored
by Nike and Reebok or something like that.
Well, wouldn't it just be regular pants
but just a little hole for the butthole?
The women were unanimous on chaps on that one.
That's their, that's women's solution to everything.
They just like chaps.
But if we're, I mean, either, I would just, I would say,
I need to understand the context.
Do you mean if we're doing this six weeks from now,
what kind of equipment would we have NASA build for us?
Do we just hold the guys' legs in the air and do it, like,
really, like?
I mean, that's what, that's what the cavemen did.
I'm saying, we're putting, you spend a lot of money
on this, on this live streaming.
I say we give, like, we put on a little David Copperfield
kind of show, like, a white tiger comes out.
Dan, you already have an inversion table, right?
So, we just get, you turn them stomach down on it
and then you invert them and you're ready to go.
Can you start it off like the guy that gets chained
into the thing in Temple of Doom and he's like,
I'm gonna show you back.
Yeah, that's exactly what the inversion table is.
That's what the inversion table is.
And there's gravity boots.
They hook up with, yeah, we can just bring that in.
Okay, and then.
You do something like muller ram
when we do the whole thing.
Yeah, oh yeah.
And then you have the PD light thing
and it's like a beating heart or Shankara stone
or whatever.
Yeah, that's great.
Yeah, never tell.
And we gotta have, like, lawyers, like,
clear the paperwork and stuff.
That's the easy part, Dan.
The person could, like, die or become a senator.
So, and the inversion table can be dedicated to that
because I'm going to the chiropractor
three times a week now.
That was the only last thing that's new for me.
So that thing's just going to waste.
Yeah, I don't, yeah.
My back's all fucked up, Jeff.
Okay.
Are you in pain currently, like, as we speak?
I'm all right right now, right at the moment.
But if I sit for more than 20 minutes
and then I get up, it's like, ow.
Sitting's the new smoking, I gotta say.
Sitting's the new smoking, yeah, yeah.
But as the guy is, like, adjusting my back,
I think I'm having like a Kundalini awakening or something.
Like, I think my, he was talking to all this,
you know, chiropractors are like,
that's my chiropractor.
See, you know, they're kind of knuckleheads.
They're not real doctors and they always have to like,
they kind of have to like, they feel compelled
to like add extra stuff to the chiropractic stuff
because it makes them feel more than a backcracker.
Like, you know, they have to be like,
also, you know, this helps cure the cold
and you should bring your baby in.
And it's like, nah, come on, quit being a crazy person.
Like, just crack my back.
But so I'm going to the one of these guys
but now I'm like, at this point,
the only thing I can do from here is back surgery,
which I don't want to do.
So I'm just, for the next year,
I'm just going to commit to whatever this guy says
and he's like, don't sit for more than a half hour at a time.
Jesus Christ.
And he's like, he's got a little jackhammer device
that he's using to hammer my vertebrae
and I'm going in there three times a week.
But then I'll be like, walking around my house
and then I'll start crying for no reason.
So I think maybe some of the stuff he's like saying
is like, not total bullshit.
I thought it was because it's like,
so you know, like a chiropractor, you go in and they go,
they go, where does it hurt?
And you go, right here.
And they go, okay, look at the chart.
This is, I don't know why I say this happened to me
several times, but this is what the guy did recently.
This is exactly what happened.
Like Monday I go in, where does it hurt?
Right here.
So he holds up this cartoon of a back
and then there's like next to each vertebrae,
there's like this list of shit.
And they're kind of like horoscopes.
It's like, it says like L one vertebrae.
You're outgoing, but a little withdrawn.
You know, except instead of that,
it says like organ function, kidney function,
kidney with a little bit of organ.
You know, and it's like kind of like not that scientific.
But so, so he's like, look at this.
It says like, yeah, it says erectile dysfunction,
bowel, do you have any problems with your bowels?
And I said, well, I mean, I don't,
I don't like taking shits.
I mean, I don't look forward to them.
They don't, they're not like,
I don't like high five myself after I shit.
It's not really a problem with your bowel function though.
Right.
And he goes, uh-huh.
And then I go, and, and hey,
who doesn't want more hard ons?
And he goes, mm-hmm.
So, so, so anyways, and then crack my back.
Okay.
So then the next time I go in, he goes like,
so I put together a full report
and he's like showing me all this stuff.
And then he's going,
so remember those bowel problems
and erectile dysfunctions that you talked about?
Well, guess what vertebrae that correlates to?
And look where your pain is.
I'm like, dude, I told you all that, what?
You can't.
Corn ball.
The mentalist.
Yeah, it's like a carnival trick or something.
But I don't think it's intentional.
He's not, he's not, he's just, he's just not a doctor.
Like he, like he, I took off my shirt and he's like,
ah, you have open sores all over your back.
I'm like, it's acne.
Like I have acne on my back.
He's like, yeah, but they're, that's not acne.
I'm like, yeah, it is.
It's gross acne.
Like, like, have you ever had acne in your back?
No.
Well, quit bullying me.
Like, I don't have, I don't have open sores on my back.
He's like, oh, are you, did you scratch?
I was like, yeah, look at my back.
It's covered in fucking Ron Jeremy hair.
Like, yes, I'm scratching my back.
Oh, you're, but then he was talking about like,
yeah, and there's like, I think that,
I think that, you know, that sarcoidosis thing
you told me about, you know, that and those open sores
and stuff, and I'm like, what does sarcoidosis have to do
with open, what do you, stop calling them open sores.
They're zits.
Like you're making me feel really bad.
And he's like, he's like, well, you know,
but you know, there's sores, you know,
and you, when you have something outside your body,
you know that inside your body, you know,
you have the same thing.
And you're saying I have acne on my spleen?
Like you're, will you just crack my back?
You're not a doctor.
This is crazy talk.
You could really upset somebody.
And like you're making me feel like,
this is why I don't go swimming.
This is the same guy you still go to?
Yeah, but I said, but I said, but he's not like,
he's not, he's not doing it on purpose.
Like he just doesn't know what he's talking about.
Like he does know backs.
He does know like the nervous system.
Like he's, and as my back is getting adjusted,
like I am like, I feel like my memory's improving.
Like, like, kind of like, like.
I think we were talking about this the other day.
You know, I started weeping.
I was just like whacking around my house.
I was just starting crying for no reason,
absolutely no reason.
I got a massage, like a friend gave me a birth certificate.
Jesus Christ.
My friend gave me a birth certificate.
What'd you do?
I'm a father.
I give certificate to Brooke Williams Spa.
Like if you go to Brooke Williams, that's a spa where like,
I don't expect to go like find magical healing there.
It's more of just relaxation.
And you, I love massages.
I like deep tissue.
I want it to hurt.
Like I want a massage to be like a street fight.
I want to, I want to come out.
I want to whimper the whole time and just be like,
just bruised and battered.
And so I got this woman named Carmen is no longer there,
which is sad because she instantly,
like the moment she put her hands on.
Karma?
Carmen.
And she was like this, like this kind of short squat,
like fit, like Latina woman.
And she was very quiet and stuff like that.
And she's like, where does it hurt?
I said, I've always got stuff on my right shoulder.
And she said, all right.
She starts working everywhere else.
And I was like, what if she's gonna get there?
It's like, just so you know,
this is where you're feeling it starts here.
And I was like, girl.
Like she just touched me, like my collarbone.
And I instantly like almost came to pieces,
like it in pain.
And she goes, just so you know,
we're not gonna start there.
We're gonna do this and that.
And she goes, it also goes all the way down
in a sciatic nerve, which is, you know,
like your butt cheeks.
And she was kneading on my right butt cheek.
And I, she goes, by the way,
you're gonna start crying and not from pain.
Like she goes, you're very emotional
and you hide it all right here.
She goes, can you butt?
She goes, we all, she goes, she said.
She goes, we all hide a lot of sadness in our butts.
So she does it.
And I'm like, she's like, Jeff, she goes,
you're not gonna let like all that sadness go right now.
But yeah, I was just sobbing like completely.
She's like, she's like, she's like,
just try as like, and let as much of that sadness
sounds like, like also you need,
you need to come and get a lot more massage.
Like, fuck yeah, but like,
it's really weepy and emotional.
I never saw myself as like this whole like,
like, like stress guy, but I clearly am.
Like that whole respiratory alkalosis thing
was just ridiculous.
It was just such a stupid thing.
And then this back thing, like it's just like,
it's very clear, like I've been like under a lot of like,
I just like don't deal with my stress at all.
Yeah, I said, I told somebody a long time ago,
all these like what they call like,
not scar tissue, pardon me, am I shoulders?
What's that character?
Frog in the throat.
My name is Dr. Frog in the throat.
Scar tissue.
Oh, it's carnival carol.
Are you cough shaming me right now?
I'm just trying, I'm self shaming about
how uneventful the show's been.
I'll be like, wait, is that a character?
I went back and listened to the whole
Ty Brickson thing.
I was on the right here crying laughing.
Yeah, well, I mean, don't rub it in like look at tonight.
Tonight's been awful.
It's been terrible.
It's, you know what?
It's summertime, it's hot.
We're never gonna.
So fucking hot.
And I ate so many tacos.
And I just, and I just sat in my own farts all day
and played a video game, which is a tear.
I should never do that on Sunday.
Are you farting?
Are you on stage farting?
No, I'm clenching and clenching it in.
When you walk off the stage, you just gonna like.
No, I've learned to, I can hold a fart real good.
I like, I do it until it finally,
then there's that point where it reverse farts
up into your lungs.
I don't think, I don't think.
You guys know what I'm talking about.
I don't think Ryan Stiles would mind me mentioning this.
Ryan Stiles cannot burp, but he can fart on command.
I go, Jeff, he's never been able to burp,
but he goes, I can always give you a fart
and they never smell.
He'll come out to me and goes, Jeff, give me a never.
I go, 11.
And he goes, for, for, for, for, for,
to fucking give you 11.
Perfect little like equal farts.
Also, when he travels on a plane, everywhere we go,
so I travel with this guy all the time,
he always has an extra pair of pants in his bag
and his carry on, in case he shits his pants.
And which, and you know, he's 53, I don't know what he is,
like something around there.
I said, have you, in your life, have you ever shit
your pants?
He goes, no, but I don't want to find,
I don't want the first time to be on a plane.
So everywhere he goes, he's got an extra pair
of Ryan Stiles pants on.
Does it take a different, does it take a special scale
when you choose the grain, the grain size?
Pardon?
Does it take, do you need a different scale
for each, for each size of grain?
I guess so, yeah.
When you're, when you're picking,
when you're picking the kind of rice
that you're going to have thrown at your wedding
to Ryan Stiles.
I mean, who is this guy?
Some, some kind of Dan Harmon replacement.
You jealous again?
You were jealous of his mother,
you were jealous of Ryan Stiles?
Oh, he farts so much.
Oh, he farts all the time.
Oh, and he carries a special pair of pants
in case he, because he poops his pants too.
What am I, chop liver?
You're so jealous right now.
Yeah.
Dan, I'm here every Sunday with you
because I love you more.
And I do it for free, I get paid to go out with Ryan.
I do this for free out of the love that I feel for you.
Well, this is really awkward for me
because I already, I made love to the red head
in the lighthouse, so I can't reciprocate.
Oh.
I feel bad.
Oh, it's OK.
You're going to miss like 40 minutes of the video again.
Hey, Spencer.
Hey, Dan.
Did you guys watch him deflect that fucking shit?
Did you see the jujitsu matrix back bend
bullet fly over his head?
I remember the first time I hugged you,
you looked like you wanted to shrivel up and die.
You're more of a hugger now than you were.
You're still not really a hugger.
Dan, let me love you.
I love everybody.
The giant pina colada makes this whole thing so sad.
I don't want to hug.
How did your chiropractor feel about you
carrying around giant drinks that heavy?
I always, like, you know, every time someone dies,
Rob always like, we already talked about that, right?
I don't remember.
Rob's always like, hey, man, take care of yourself.
I'm like, come on, quit making me feel like, he sent me a,
he sent me, he texted me like an animated gif
of how the human heart works or something.
But it wasn't like, love.
It was like valves and stuff.
It was like, I hope you're taking care of yourself or something.
It was like, are you just calling me fat?
I saw that text message.
Was that a group text or what?
Because I saw that.
Did he, was that after Harris died?
It was also after Robin Williams died and after Harris died,
after every, every time someone dies,
Rob makes me feel like he puts me in the same category
as people who died because I'm going to die next.
And he wants, he wants me to not die next.
So, and he thinks that it's as simple as telling me not to,
which it wouldn't be.
Like, I'm not going to take a poll before I die.
Who doesn't want me to die?
Okay, got it.
Just checking.
Like, I thought everyone wanted me to die.
But like, but also like, it's like, I can't tell,
are you saying I'm fat?
Are you saying I should work out?
Or are you saying like, you're worried about me mentally?
But in either case, can't you just,
can't you just be nice to me?
Why do you have to, that makes me,
doesn't it, wouldn't that make you feel bad
if people were like, hey man, you okay?
You'd be like, well, what's wrong with me?
Why are you looking at me like that?
You know?
I get it.
It's weird.
Does he never, does he not reach out like personally
and like have, but also, I mean,
I don't know what it with the impulses there,
but to come and throw my arms around you
and hug you and tell you I love you,
would make you very uncomfortable,
which might make people less inclined
to come at you in that direct way.
And maybe you have to start making heart gifs and stuff.
Maybe, I mean, there's probably
a happy medium somewhere in between.
Did you know the correct pronunciation is jiff?
Yeah.
I don't know, okay.
Ha ha ha ha!
Damn!
Wow.
Did you know it's, you know, it's,
when people say that's not my forte,
it's supposed to be fort?
Yeah.
Did you know it's not chomping at the bit?
It's supposed to be chomping at the bit?
Ha ha ha ha!
Oh!
No, he...
But here's the thing.
He just took that guy's concept and reiterated it.
It's not original or daring, really.
You're saying he recycled the heckle from behind him?
Yes, I mean, essentially.
Okay.
You didn't hear it.
I didn't really take it as a slam.
I thought it was funny.
I thought he was like, man, this shit's getting exciting.
Wait.
This isn't still boring news, is it?
I think he knew it would be funny to say
this is still boring, because, yeah,
we really went down the road.
Because the last guy demonstrated it worked.
Yeah, and I'm not a hypocrite.
I'm not gonna stand up here and shit the bed,
and then get mad at people for talking.
I will.
Is anybody in the audience feeling particularly passionate
about anything at all tonight?
Like, well, I mean, it's not a yes or no question.
I mean, it is if you want to come up and talk about it.
Does anybody feel strongly enough?
Is that Dave Kline?
Oh, we should have added Dave Kline, I don't know.
Dave Kline!
Dave!
Glitchy rap.
Glitch rap.
Just sit there for the cameras.
Yo, I can tell by the lack of the audience
replied that I wasn't requested, but my boy, Dan,
he denied that he was ready to go solo against his motherfucker
that said he's on solo, ready to get into the fucking carbon
night.
I'm saying it's his night.
I'm saying he's getting ready to fight.
I'm saying his dick is harder than a fucking rock.
He's talking about motherfucking, my dick don't work.
He's saying, yo, my dick's working.
It's industry for longer than you've been alive, motherfucker.
All right.
So Dave, how you been?
So it's been a long time since I've been here.
I want to give a shout out to Colorado.
My secondary home, I want to give a shout out to New Jersey,
my home that I love, but that I left,
because I heard Dan Harmon speaking
from his chest and his heart.
I met this guy that you guys won't know at the bar
after the night, and I'm going to drop some shit he
don't want me to drop.
Guy is operating on a level that you're not ready for.
And I can only let a beautiful man like this sit on my lap
because he knows what I'm talking about.
Here's what happened.
I went to Denver after I saw these guys
because I saw bad shit in LA.
I'm from Jersey in New York, and I
seen some weird and bad shit.
What did you see?
My friend lost his heart, and he's not with us anymore.
Damn.
You saw that happen?
I live an interesting life, and we'll talk about it
another time, but I want to give a shout out.
What do you mean he lost his heart?
Like it stopped?
He had a heart attack?
I have a friend who is a really wonderful and creative
individual out here who lost his heart and commit suicide.
But you asked me, and I didn't want to get there.
I was trying to bounce around that.
But that's the truth of it.
And I've seen it happen too often,
and when you said your boy sends you the thing with the jiff,
and then he says something really prescient,
like maybe they couldn't address you really clearly.
We've talked about this on the show.
I'll cut it right to this.
Why are we all here?
This guy.
These podcasts.
Why are we here on a quiet night when we're not sure,
and the show isn't ripping it on 700 levels that
we're used to it ripping on?
Like when they were at fucking San Diego.
When they were ripping it, squatchy.
When they were ripping it on 700 different levels.
And we have a down night.
We're like, wait, what's going on tonight?
It's that there's 200 people in a basement in LA.
And we love each other so much that a lot of us
actually show up to hang out on weeks
when this doesn't even happen.
That I have friends in LA because of you.
And the people that choose to show up to a thing like this
because you're honest.
And you come up to a thing not with like,
you're degenerate alcoholic, you know, swank thing.
I see that a lot where I live.
You come up here with the thing your wife made you
because she loves you and she knows you.
And she was taking care of you when you're back hurt
and you're a good guy playing witcher,
staying true to that wife.
So you, to be clear, though, you agree
this is not one of our best episodes.
This is a bad, like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Like, like, like, like, like to be really clear,
like to be really clear and like pseudo self deprecating.
If Dave Kline, like, if Dave Kline's
appearing on the show, we hit a pothole,
we're trying to fix it or like whatever,
or you're just being really generous to a guy
that I swear to you, I'm not here for fame.
I swear to you, I didn't move to LA to like,
get on the mic.
I came to LA because I fucking love this guy.
And that everyone I knew that I cared about
gave a lot of shits about what he makes.
And then all the rest of the people
I didn't give a shit about cared about what Jeff makes.
No, I'm kidding.
I can take it.
Everyone I know from Greg Proops to the rest of the fucking
crew that you roll with, to the fucking crew
that you roll with, to the community you created.
Wait, who's that character?
Who's that character?
No, no, no.
Come on, Jeff.
Uh-oh.
The character that he created is us.
And the joke is on everyone who isn't here tonight.
Oh, shit.
That everyone.
You hear that?
No, no, really.
And I love you all.
That's right, me and Jeanne.
And then I'm going to break his little neck.
I love everyone.
And there's a strange thing, even like looking at it,
and like you don't see that there's
like some interesting paper, whatever.
There's a crew here that's so beautiful
and is like so inspiring that on like the LOL shows
that we call them or like whatever.
Yo, you know what, man?
Those are my favorite ones because it's,
I'll quote Tarantino.
He says, there's a genre of movie called a hangout movie.
I just saw on Magic Mike XXL, everybody see it.
Like instantly.
It was like an ultimate mandate with my bro friend.
And God, I loved it.
But this podcast is on the level of like Rio Grande,
Magic Mike XXL.
And Land Before Time.
And it's like the hangout thing that like the why we come here
and even on the LOL shows, even when
you're in a hypoglycemic pseudo coma
and you're popping on that gorgeous thing
like you are from that beautiful woman you married
and swindled into loving you forever.
We're here because we love you.
And maybe I'm just here to just say,
fucking never give up.
Fucking never stop doing this.
And my name is Dave fucking Klein.
I'm dropping the mic.
Dave Kline.
Let's bring out DeMorge Brown.
DeMorge, are you here?
You know, Dave, what I love about you are the things
are manifold.
But I love that you know how to make an entrance
and how to make an exit.
Because that's always a valuable currency.
Yeah, any equity that was withdrawn or deposited at all
in the end, none of it matters.
Because he just evaporates.
Like a scot-miss.
He's actually the little train that
comes through Mr. Rogers' living room.
He's like a winger's speech personified.
I kind of feel like I'm a visual thinker.
Like my image of him, the image of him
is the little fire extinguisher inside the glass
that says break in case of emergency.
And then on the fire extinguisher, it says, yep.
He's a very positive guy.
Yeah, well, I was actually thinking
that it was kind of a disservice to him
that it was a low energy show.
And then he would come up.
Because it might have been better to have somebody just
come up and go like, I'm going to get a divorce.
And we'd be like, why?
And she's like, because of 9-11.
And then we'd be like, holy shit, she started crying.
And I don't know why I made it a woman.
So it could be emotional.
And then we would have won a castee.
The prestigious podcast award?
Which is what?
It's a podcasting award.
Ah, gotcha.
I made it up.
There we go.
What's up, DeMorge?
You know, same old table.
I can't follow that.
Jesus Christ.
I feel like femurs.
Damn, there's a full dose of this.
Rrrrrrr.
Jesus Christ.
That's a Fuji to scale five.
Here's my pitch, Dan.
Before we say don't do cheat day on Sundays
because you're overly fed or whatever and sluggish,
why don't we try different, like all Indian food?
All Indian food, you're going to do.
Well, I was going to say maybe I could double my Adderall
dosage on Sundays.
Rob Schrab's going to double his GIF dosage on you.
Well.
What do you think?
What's left in the tank?
You got to try that, DeMorge.
Oh, jeez, then.
Oh, god.
Don't look at it.
Just try it.
Oh, do you want to try something?
Spencer, did you try?
Oh, no, no.
Spencer's not a real alcohol guy.
No, it makes me sick.
I get my joints start to ache.
DeMorge, butt-chug it.
Butt-chug it.
Careful, there's a spill on here.
Oh, wow.
All right.
The suspense is killing us.
It's the coldest thing in a room.
It's delicious.
That's great.
That's fantastic.
You're not a video game guy, are you?
If it's sports video games and fighters and stuff.
People are disappointed.
It just kept my damn mouth shut.
If my mind was sharper, I could come up
with a great analogy for sports video games is like.
And in the punchline, I have to throw it to a room, though.
Well, let's say it was a video game guy, what were you?
Oh, I don't know.
I was going to ask if you've been playing Witcher 3.
Oh, yes.
Absolutely, I have been.
I just got through the thorn level.
No, I haven't.
They're tricky.
Are there any female gamers here that
don't play sports video games?
Are you playing Witcher 3?
Are they going to hear who do?
Any women playing Witcher 3 in the audience, young ladies?
What game are you playing?
Beyond Yourself.
Oh, I played that.
That's kind of fun.
That's the one with Juno and Ellen Page.
Ellen Page is in a game.
Juno.
Yeah, did you play?
Well, do you want to come up?
And so we can talk to you about video games for a second.
And then you can play Shadowrun with us.
Woo-hoo!
Oh, it's so bright up here.
Yeah, and it's hot.
Like, it'll make you feel in a second you'll be sweating.
And you'll be like, what kind of horrible monster am I?
You're not.
You're just a French fry.
It's not you.
It's the lights and it's the heat.
What's your name?
Emily.
Hello, Emily.
Hello.
Welcome to Harmonton.
Yeah.
OK, so did you play Heavy Rain?
Oh.
Hard Rain or Heavy Rain?
Heavy Rain.
Yes, with the origami killer.
But that compared to those are the same people that made it?
I agree.
No, Heavy Rain was much better.
Like, they figured out how to, they
made loops and bounds with that video game style.
Yes.
And I think that's why Quantic Dream is so good,
is because it's like an interactive movie.
And but Beyond Two Souls is like,
I was not expecting it to be so scary.
Yeah.
Like, holy shit.
It's basically, if nobody knows what this game is about,
it's basically Ellen Page is recreated as Jody.
And she is this character who has this entity that
is attached to her.
And basically, it's the whole time,
like all these people are trying to control her
and make her do all these things that she doesn't want to do
and blah, blah, blah.
Anyways, it ends up being like.
No, I don't have a company.
Yeah.
This is what you're going to spoil it.
The French, this French company made this, right?
Is this the game?
French company?
I hung out with her for a while and she was in town
and she was making a game.
She was in France, though, I think.
Yeah, it's Willem Dafoe was in it.
Yeah, that's what she was making for all that time.
OK.
And it's weird how Willem Dafoe looks as a CG person.
Yeah, I thought he looked like a cartoon in person.
And then it was like, wow, he actually
looks better as a cartoon.
Yeah, it's a weird effect, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyways, yeah.
Yeah, video games are getting more immersive, Jeff.
Can you guys handle that with your soccer?
Soccer?
Yeah, you got to be careful with the margin.
If you and I share our love of anything right now, Dan,
I did.
I did an hour and a half podcasts before this.
Dan, you're in a very vulnerable, jealous, kind
of emotionally precarious place right now.
Because I've been, for the last 30 minutes,
I've been holding in farts.
And now, as of my last sip of pina colada,
now I'm also holding down vomit.
No, it's so funny, because I actually.
So I'm like a Chinese finger trap?
No.
Look at me.
I'm the opposite of a Chinese.
I'm like a water balloon that's untied on two ends.
No.
I'm like a toothpaste tube in a vice grip with a cap on each end?
You're like a pipe bomb.
No, without the bit on the end to hold the stuff in.
It's just all going to go out both sides.
I'm like, maybe we should get Ryan's styles in here.
You should probably don't up.
I'm sure he could come up with.
Oh, he would.
He'd come up with 20.
You know why?
Because he's a gifted.
He wouldn't let the show fucking sink
like this fucking going down right now.
Because he's a hard worker, and he gets up here,
and if he has to skin and knee or chip a tooth to make these
people laugh, he fucking does it.
We should bring cherries out.
No, the smothermans aren't here.
To us, they're just regular fruits.
To the smothermans, they're treasure trod.
I hate cherries.
You hate cherries?
I do not like cherries.
You do hate them.
I don't like the fear when I have a cherry.
I'm like, fuck, I'm going to break a tooth this time,
because you bite it, and then the seed is so hard.
I hate pits.
I hate it.
I love olives, like marinated olives.
And then sometimes you get them.
And then you're like, this better not have a pit in it.
I swear to God.
And then it has a pit in it.
And you're like, what am I supposed to do with this fucking
rock in my mouth?
And then you spit it into a napkin like an animal.
What are you supposed to do?
Why do they have those things?
I swallow cherry pits.
What?
And then I swallow them all.
And then when I poop them, there's people in New
York that make very expensive coffee out of them.
You can't even afford it, it's so expensive.
It's called Jeff Davis Cherry Poop Coffee.
I swallow.
I don't know if this is an urban legend or not,
but they say that.
I think this is an urban legend, because it started from
urban living in the 50s.
And then it became a big thing in the 70s.
The idea that kids were eating cherry pits,
and they were pooping, and that in the sewers, there's a
whole population of little George Washington's.
Not cherry trees.
Well, there are cherry trees, yeah, obviously, little
cherry trees.
But then there's these little tiny George Washington's.
Yeah, chopping down the, yeah.
Are they also telling lies?
Well, that's the ironic thing, is that I think the whole
story is a lie, but in the story, no, none of them are
lying about chopping down the trees.
Why in this day and age where our political culture is so
bereft of intellect and leadership, aren't we
cultivating this sewer full of George Washington's?
Well, because he wasn't really a leader.
He was a warrior, and he's the leader our nation needed at
that time in history.
But the truth is, if you brought George Washington out
now, first of all, he'd be tiny and covered in poop and
teeth or wood, weird.
Second of all, he's just, by all accounts, he was sort of a,
you know, he was sort of a dumb dumb and just sort of
inspiring because he was courageous and a good general.
Could he do any worse?
Could we do any worse, you're asking.
Oh, no, no, he couldn't, yeah.
He might be like legit, like better than.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure anybody from, if you went back in time
and pulled anybody from back yonder, I'm sure there would be
a couple scandalous remarks that would be like, no, that's
now called anti-semitism, like they would be like, oh, no,
I'm sorry, I'm from 1921, but as far as their attitude about
the role of government, I bet we'd be like, holy shit,
this guy's like amazing.
Way back then, the office of the presidency was not a
really prestigious job.
Yeah, so they'd be like, you know, they'd have that
Ross Perot, Bernie Sanders, charm, no, no, they'd be the
third party candidate that wasn't allowed in the debates
because they'd be like, I don't understand why we're talking
about this.
And we'd be like, boo.
Did you just fart right now?
No, that was my mouth.
Are you asking, was he covering a fart?
Was that a substitute?
I sometimes do that, like I'll make a laugh really loud
and then I'll fart at the same time.
And it's like, I didn't know.
Truth be told, Emily's been farting ever since she sat
down up here, you guys.
It's a maelstrom.
Well, we don't have much time.
I wanted to actually, I actually might have been
fruitful to ask Emily as an ambassador of a female gamer,
like what, if a game's really cool, but there's like, as
with Witcher 3, where it's just like, wow, this is really
cool, but it's like this fantasy game, and it's just like
all of these sorceresses with the cleavage and the kind of
like very like mythic gender roles, like does that throw
the modern, I guess the answer is, you know, speak for all
women, like some women are probably totally thrown by
that.
I feel like, yes, some women are thrown by that, and that's
fine and whatever, but I'm just like, I love tits.
Like I'm, I'm, I'm sorry.
Like I feel like it's a very bold stance.
No, it should be a thing that women, we're giving boobs.
We should be happy and, you know what I mean?
Like that's something we should use to our, you know, and
makes cosplaying fun and like all that kind of thing.
I think that, you know, if we're gonna get all offended
about it, I don't know, that's just me.
I like, I've always wanted to love and love my boobs, and
I think every woman should.
Well, I think the counterpoint to that would be, yeah.
If a woman's gonna be offended by it, then that's okay.
You can be entitled to your own opinion, but me, I'm like,
girl, rock the titties, love them.
Well, I don't think the offense is coming from the
exposure of them as if it's like people who are like
puritanical.
I think it's, I think it's, it's that there's a fine line,
but it's like people that are like, well, there's an
objectification happening when they're on display.
So it's, if it reduces the person's role to a
dehumanized role, so that they're simply a tray of dessert.
And if they're not also saying equals MC squared.
I don't know.
But I'm mansplaining.
Yeah.
And, and, and white knighting and, and, and Chubbocker.
No, that's actually very, it's, it's in tearing me.
Wimbledon and.
I just want to, I just thought come back as it's like,
it's kind of a straw dog argument that it's like,
like everybody likes boobs.
I mean, nobody, I don't think any women are like,
get these things off me.
They're terrible.
And no one, they're terrible, evil things.
And we should never see them.
I think, I think any, any, any person who's, who's coming
down on the other side is, is more, it's, it's, it's
coming more of the angle of like, uh, uh, what, uh,
thoughts that we're putting in people's head about the
role of. No, no, no, no.
I totally get where you're coming from.
And, and I do think that there is something that is
endearing about making a woman be sexy without
showing the tits.
Of course.
Like her, her, her ability to be a badass.
Like, you know, uh, what's an example of someone.
There's, see, whenever I think of games, there's just
like so many girls with big boobs.
Harriet Tubman.
Like everywhere.
She just farted again.
Uh, yeah, well, yeah.
Nobody, nobody's, nobody's disagreeing up here.
I mean, I, I, I think that, but it's not my job to
agree or disagree.
I just sit there and fart and play the game.
The girl, she does have that big of boobs and I think
she's hot.
Well, that's the thing that I always find myself
wondering as a guy when I, when I, I always wonder on
behalf of men, I always wonder why do we even have to
like, cause I always say like, well, I used to say
before things got so, you know, I'm like, I used to
joke to women, everything that you need to know about
men you can learn from a men's prison.
Like the, like the, like, like, how is, how is that a
controversial statement at all?
Like when you, when you lock men in a building together
and take away all of their wealth and all of their
hegemony over society.
They, it turns out that we don't have a lot of like
super nuanced needs in order to get an erection or
become violent or like we are drones and we turn on
each other and ourselves as quickly as we turn on
anyone we're allowed to on the outside.
So you take away the necktie and you take away the
bank and you take away the skyscraper and you take
away the history and the momentum and you see what,
what, what, how little men really need to objectify.
Like, like, like we, you could, you could give a
female voice to a banana and the, the men, the men
would be like, I want to fuck that banana because
they'll say it eventually about their cellmate.
Like, like, like they, they, because we're just like
biologically we're just kind of drones.
Like we're not, so, so I always, I always wonder in
my own head I'm like, well, you know, if the cleavage
weren't there, like if that's really the issue, like,
or, but it, but it, but it isn't, you know, it's like,
if Mary Curie was like a character in a video game,
you know, it's, it's, you, even more so the whole rule
34 thing would start applying, I don't know if I'm
making sense, but I was like, when there's like a
strumpet on parade and it's like, she's all dolled up
and she's like the cleavage is boo-boo-boo-boom-booming
and the thing and it's just like, she just looks like
she's designed for these thoughts to be thought
about her.
I just, I'm always amused by the idea that it's like-
Is that the argument that that overwhelmingly that's
almost all of what you see in, in, in character
or female, like game and character?
Yeah, I guess my thought about it is it's like-
They're starting to go away from it though.
They're starting to make it where like girls aren't,
you know, like the Hunger Games and things like that.
Like girls becoming badasses and yeah, they're hot,
but like, you know, it's, it's more like, no, she's smart
and she's got, she acts like she, she's the one saving
the dude cause the dude's a dumbass.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Like it's, it's not all about, oh, and she's got a huge rack
and she's like, boo-boo-boo-boo-boo the whole time.
Right, and actually because those thoughts are like a lot,
that like I draw an analogy between clothing and,
between clothing and gender roles and language and,
and race issues.
And like the language is certainly a reflection.
Like if all the video games are of women like looking like
they're ready to go and they're, and they're,
and they're not saying anything of value on top of that.
Like they have no agency and all that stuff.
They're, that's the, the, the clothing is a reflection,
but just as you can make genuine racist people use
the most polite language in the world and they might be
even more racist than ever, you could totally like
count on men to like be like, the clothing, the clothing is
not, it's a, it's the, it's the snot of the cold.
Like you can wipe it all you want.
Like, like the virus is more dealt with when you,
when you're talking about characters that have agency
and the bec, bec, bec del test and stuff like that.
Like that stuff that actually gets to the heart of the matter
like is the character.
Are people watching characters that happen to share
physical characteristics with themselves?
Are they getting trained to think that they hold a certain
role in a dynamic?
Like, like the, the, the clothing is like so secondary
to all of that and whatever, there's no point to it.
I'm not proposing that anything change.
I just kind of amused by the idea that men would, men would,
men would hump a concrete wall.
Like, like, like, like we would not, we, we just don't,
it's not, it's not like, that's not where the war is being
fought, you know?
Yeah, there's a lot of armpit fucking imprisoned.
Wait, for real?
Yeah, yeah.
A lot of consensual armpit sex.
That's just good old fashioned human ingenuity.
Yeah, that's, that's an invasive.
The inventions I made when I was 12 years old.
We've, we've talked about that.
Boy, boy, oh boy.
So glad those days are over.
Now you can use like real inventions, like buy online,
things like that.
Yeah.
I kind of want to make sure my back stays somewhat out of whack
because I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a.
Now that I'm regaining my memory and bursting into tears,
I'm worried that I might, that you might adjust something
and then I'll be like, oh, I.
Yeah.
Wow.
I almost said cliffhanger at the end of the show man.
I just remember being 12 years old and like not being able
to get through an episode of inspector gadget.
Like, like, like, just let alone more commending,
let alone anything.
Like I just like, like everything was like on fire.
And it was like not a place to get a lot of work done.
Girls were like that too.
Like, well, I was at least, I was like crazy.
Like my whole family was like that.
Like as soon as we went into puberty, I was like,
what is happening?
Like, oh my gosh, boobs and craziness and all that stuff.
But it's just girls don't, yeah.
Like you said, girls don't like to talk about it as much.
But we definitely are the same way.
I know a lot of women that I've had friends of mine
that I grew up with and friends I met later that like,
started masturbating a hundred years before I did.
Like, before I did.
Yeah.
I did like second grade.
But is it, is it?
I know.
Insane, right?
Second grade?
Yeah, dude.
It happens earlier for girls.
Yeah.
It's weird because we mature faster.
There's also a lot of accidental masturbating.
You don't need like.
No, okay.
Second grade.
First thing is accidental masturbation.
Let me tell you, Jeff.
I'm gonna fuck your armpit so hard
that I'm just doing it right now.
Also, girls do that.
Uh-oh, here we go.
Hey, we started talking about this.
This next sentence brought to you by a pina colada.
Well, I'm, is that a politically correct thing to say
that girls do this or do that, but I've had a lot of girlfriends.
I've had a lot of conversations like,
and I've noticed that girls have a lot of early memories
of they practice with each other.
They go, they.
Like, like, like, not, not.
No, no, no.
I see you guys.
Sorry, Emily Fartin again.
They play, they practice kissing and stuff.
Oh yeah, no, no, no.
Yes, of course.
Guys, don't do that much.
But I famously told that story of me being like,
like eight years old next to my buddy Ramstack,
like humping a couch pillow,
we're high-fiving each other.
We're like, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're.
Yeah, girls do it too.
Yeah, like pillow, like this feels good.
Dave Ramstack.
That's the great, that's the,
if you're gonna make out with your first guy,
that's the guy.
It was Dan Ramstack.
I don't know what his lawyer's name is, but.
But he's probably watching, but uh.
That's why I used the wrong name.
He was a, he was a, he was a great dry-humper.
He really let that pillow have it.
Yeah, but I mean, yeah, I mean,
obviously the most important thing that,
that people are always so shocked to learn is that,
if everybody's a little snowflake
and it's all so incredibly different.
It makes us, it makes us comfortable to make observations.
Like, girls do this and guys do this by age 11
and by age 13 and girls do that.
It was like, but like every conversation you have,
it's like a second grade.
And then someone goes, but Jeff lost his virginity
at like 32 or whatever, like, you're a late bloomer.
24.
And uh.
I was too, I was 22.
Yeah, I mean, I, like, that's, but that's the,
like the masturbating and the coming and the.
As we're talking about this, I never really thought about
this, like, you know, like when I came to your house
and you had that consolidated folder of redheads
from Playboy magazines to save space.
And I was like, wow, you sure like your redheads,
you're like, oh shit, I never really thought about that.
And they go, oh my, yes, I do.
I'm looking back, like, I don't know about like
for young girls, certainly not in second grade.
Like for little boys, we find the Sears catalog
or the, or the anything that has a picture of a woman,
like with any measure of clothing on a nun or whatever,
or a face, like it's a visual thing for me anyway.
And I remember the most potent visual image that I,
and I saved this picture.
It was Nadia Komenich, the gymnast, like the gold medalist.
And I told her, was she Russian?
It was Nadia Komenich from Romania.
Romania.
I don't know why she out of the house.
And it's only like, what the fuck do you always,
again with this fucking shit.
I don't even know, fuck you, you guys, the fucking.
But she had all of her clothes on, but she had short hair.
And like, so like then later on it's like,
like Sid Cherise, Audrey Hepburnia Farrow,
like I don't know what it was,
but it was like my first moments of having like sexual
visual like turn-ons was always like thin,
never va-va-vom, never like super curvy,
like a little wafy like girls with short hair.
And like, why is that?
It's so strange.
Well, why do men like long hair traditionally?
I know you've all heard the joke,
or maybe not joke explanation of like, yeah,
it's like cavemen like want to handle or something.
It's like, looks like you're more controllable.
But I think it's like, I think it's like,
the way cats like, like focus on things that move,
like, like, like, like, like women wear earrings and stuff,
like, like, like think shit's moving around.
Like, I think, I think, I think, I think over time,
maybe that's like a thing that triggers men to like,
be fascinated.
Like they're like, just dogs or cats,
they're just like, you're shaking your head.
I don't think that's what, I think it's just,
everything that's attractive is a show of youth and health.
And so when you get older, your hair's thinner.
Ah, got it.
And it makes to have long hair.
You have to be like, young and fit.
If you can't hear in the back,
because I'm sure that's absolutely true,
because I just realized,
because we talked about makeup on the show,
and it's like makeup is like,
she said, she said, because it's young,
it's young girls have longer hair,
and as women get older,
their hair gets more brittle and unmanageable,
and they tend to go with the shorter stuff.
And so, yeah, everything is sort of,
all of our standards for female beauty
are somehow rooted in puberty,
are somehow rooted, like rouge is just flushed cheeks,
and lipstick is flushed lips,
and it's all basically you spend your life
chasing this image of a,
of the most inappropriate thing in the world,
which is a cussing biological female specimen.
All right, Spencer, I'm gonna ask you the impossible right now.
Okay.
But I know that you're up to the task,
because you are a genius and a showman.
Okay.
Let's do the world's only one liner
shadow run, where we set it up.
Well, I don't wanna know but that,
but I was pretty content once we could have skipped shadow run.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, I figured once I got to be 10.05, I was like, oh.
Kind of pants, yeah.
Okay.
But I was like, we're on a roll,
we're talking about icky stuff.
All right.
Icky stuff.
Yeah.
Sex is icky.
It doesn't have to be, man.
How many ounces?
DeMorge, what, how old were you when you,
when you had your first experience with your,
I was five and I was, I went to the school on the bus.
See, see, it's done, Charlie, it's done, that's weird.
There was a kid on a bus who was older,
he had just had, I went to this amazing school
when I was a kid and his birth, for his birthday,
I think he was 10 or 11, 12 maybe?
They had given him, his parents had given him
a subscription to Playboy for his birthday.
So this kid, so I had never seen this before
and the kid had a thing, he wasn't bringing it
for show and tell, but it was just,
he had it and he was bringing it to the school
and it was wrapped in paper and he took it out
and he showed it to us and I was like,
what the hell is that?
And we just went through it and he explained
the whole concept to me and that's sort of what it was.
And then later that week, I think,
at dinner my parents asked me about school
and then they asked me about my every day at dinner
and they asked me, your birthday's coming up,
what do you want?
And I asked for a subscription to Playboy.
And my parents is very measured fashion,
we're like, A, a what?
And I said, there's a new Playboy
and they said, do you even know what that is?
And I went through it so clearly I knew.
And they said, how did you,
and so I told them the story, I just told you
and they said, all right, well, we'll see what we can do.
And then in my head, I think, I mean, just being my age now
and imagining that them being their age at that time,
they, for whatever reason, had to wait until I left the room
and just high five each other.
And then they got kids all right.
Just to save a couple, a little bit of money,
they gave you a subscription to Muff Diver.
A sherry or a sherry, I don't know, some knockoff.
They're like, we can't afford that.
Morgan Fairchild's on the cover every day.
Erin texted me because she must be watching
as we're talking in this area.
Because remember the episode where we did Labyrinth
and she was talking about Labyrinth, but we were,
I mean, she's really like, that movie was like her,
she was describing like, being in the theater
with her parents and watching Labyrinth
and you know, at a certain point in that movie,
like her physically like awakening,
like her cheeks fleshing and like her,
her nethers tingling and like,
I call them the nethers because it's like,
appropriate, mythical and minecraft.
You go to the nether and there's like,
but she, I mean, that was like,
she can remember the actual like moment of like,
oh my God, my body.
And it does like literally happen overnight,
like literally overnight, like puberty happened.
A friend of mine, Samantha, she was like 11 or 12
went to a Prince concert and she told me,
she was like, I was standing there watching Prince
on stage and she goes, and I had an orgasm.
I wasn't touching myself, I just stood there
and she's like, I didn't know what was happening,
but later on I would come to understand,
it's like, what, that was the first time I came,
but just by standing there watching this dude.
I definitely know I was watching work in Mindy.
I was like, I was like,
I was watching Pam Dabber and I was like,
but I was like, I think I could have been watching anything
because it was really more about like,
I was like laying, I would lay supine,
is that what it's called?
It's on your stomach.
And I was like laying after school alone
in my mom's apartment and like,
so I was just like watching work in Mindy
and it was just going like this.
And I was like, and then I was just like, kept doing it.
And I was like, what the, oh, oh my God.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
and nothing.
Get your GIFs ready everybody,
get those GIFs ready.
And nothing, nothing, you know,
I looked to see if anything had,
because I was like, is that what I think that was?
And nothing had happened,
but it felt like something that you would want to do forever.
So, and then from that moment until around 39,
I pretty much was just like dedicated
to making that feeling happen over and over again.
Cause I remember like that very week,
or like like within a few days it was like,
like I'm just going to keep doing this over and over again.
And I remember being really excited
that nothing, I'm getting really graphic,
but like, oh, let's stay safe and stop now.
The, I just, I remember being really stoked
that nothing was coming out,
because I thought I was like cheating the system
because I was like, I wasn't touching myself,
which I already had like shame loaded into my mind about,
like that one day I was going to start touching myself
and that that was, my mom would say like,
it's going to be a natural thing.
It was like, I don't want to think about my mom
giving me permission to touch myself.
And so I was like, I'm not, I didn't touch myself.
I just humped a pillow and thought about Pam Dabber.
And then I had this amazing feeling.
I'm like, I'm the king of the world.
Like, and I would just like run home from school
as fast as I could.
All my friends would be like,
don't you want to stay and talk about LL Cool J?
No, I gotta go.
I gotta go.
Man, he's so dedicated to his schoolwork now.
And I was just like, slam, lock the door.
And I was like, and then slowly, but surely,
I was just like starting with like one little drop coming out.
I just remember like every, every successive like little
tonight on a very special part.
Just a tip.
But I'm telling you, for those 11 year olds listening,
it's all downhill from there.
Just keep doing that and like don't involve other people.
We have 8 billion too many.
Just keep doing that.
Just eat cookies and watch more communities.
All right.
Well, we got to the bottom of some stuff, I think.
Typically stuff that we've already gotten to the bottom of,
I guess.
But it's worth going there again sometimes.
I think it was a nice introspective.
There's no losers in it.
We got to meet Emily, who's fantastic.
Thank you.
We got a...
We got a good shot of Vitamin D from Dave Kline, man.
He's always been.
But you know, I've always had, it's a problem with me.
It's like, I always like, when I was a kid on the playground
and people would pick up me, I would never cry.
And then when the guy would come over and say,
stop picking on him, I'd start bawling.
Because I feel so ashamed of myself for needing to be stuck up for.
And so, when Dave came up and was like,
come on, Hulkamaniac, it's not that bad a show.
I almost started crying.
I was like, it's terrible, it's that bad a show.
I said we end the show playing the Ty Braxton theme song
while you body surf and fart all over the entire audience.
Body surf and fart.
Don't set me up for failure.
You know that my back is hamburger.
But that's...
Would that be therapeutic to be rolled gently through human hands?
You've obviously never had actual back problems in your life.
How about some good old fashioned butt chugging?
I mean...
It can't hurt, man.
Great weight in the show.
Who's going to butt chug?
You.
How?
How is that possible?
Right, that's too complicated.
That's what butt chugging really is.
Everyone does that.
I did that before the show.
I'm doing it right now.
Emily's on her second tank time.
I'm like, keep them coming.
Erin's like, end the show.
Yeah.
Everybody.
Five, four, three, two...
Cliffhanger!
Emily, everybody.
Please welcome her.
I love you, Erin.
Hi, Erin.
Dave Kline.
DeMorge Brown.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor.
Everybody at one, go up and hug him and tell him you love him
and make him all sad.
Dan Harmon.
Does it look a little sad, baby?
Emily, go.
Good, Hannah.
Give that to her.
Or maybe...
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.